.TH hefesto 1 "Febuary 15, 2013" "version 0.1.0" "USER COMMANDS"
.SH NAME
hefesto \- a multi platform build tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B hefesto [\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Hefesto is a build system. The main goal in design of
this application is to be generic. With Hefesto you can easily
build toolsets for widely used compilers or for a new compiler
for a new language that you created in your last weekend.

Under Hefesto's context a "toolset" can be understood as a set
of commands that can be used to create something, for example,
a toolset for Hefesto C language calls the command "compile" to
create the object files and then calls the command "link" to
create the binary.

The toolsets are expressed in a particular language.

With a toolset chosen you can not only build your
app/widget/"whateverthing" but you can use the hsl ([H]efesto
[s]cript [l]anguage) to assist in the pre and post-compilation.
.PP
This means:
.TP
.PP
\- You can set your code: 
  editing some headers to fit version, etc.

\- You can forge the project.

\- You can run your unit / system tests.

\- You can generate your application packages, etc.
.PP
In the Hefesto's jargon, "forge" something means to create something
anywhere.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-\-forgefiles=\fIfoo.hsl,bar.hsl\fR
Indicates the Forgefiles paths which contains the projects.

Note that to build fooproject defined inside "foo.hsl" you must
use the dynamic option "\-\-foo\-projects=fooproject" in this case.
.TP
\-\-compile\-only
Performs the basic compilation of files supplied by "\-\-forgefiles" option.
.TP
\-\-forge-anyway
Compiles all project source files ignoring the change status.
.TP
\-\-qsize=\fIn\fR
Configures the size of work queue.
.TP
\-\-user\-includes\-home=\fI"~/myincs","/etc/incs"\fR
Defines additional includes search paths.
.TP
\-\-version
Displays the application version.
.PP
.SH EXIT STATUS
If all build task succeeds hefesto returns zero, otherwise
non zero value will be returned.
.PP
.SH
SEE ALSO
.TP
\fI/usr/local/share/hefesto/doc\fR (or equivalent in your system)
.PP
.SH
HOMEPAGE
.TP
http://hefesto.sf.org/
.SH AUTHOR
Rafael Santiago <voidbrainvoid@gmail.com>
